who wants to go to sarkozy
maybe it's a very dim word he heard talk and I never heard him speak
of osteopenia and osteoporosis osteopenia is something that happens
corresponding to June of the years that bones are trending
lack of diversity is another step in the search for votes in the elections
agreement
osoro peña then know now in some losses
in the loss of muscle mass that starts around 30 minutes at
the 40 years that your muscle
an incoherent attitude
d of a thigh
on the left
at twenty and as they progress in two years here we have
another look how the red that was sought is being replaced
by the ssa
and some cases doubt much more we have another image
where it shows in case of a person who is with overweight and who moved
little notice you compare the amount of red muscle mass
with the amount of fat mass that yesterday left
what is yellow are losing muscle mass over the years and
also exercise
and we have
a last one where we have a muscle of a person that that entity and the
same shoulder muscle
the person who is and the entity
then eel the basque
is not a theme of the age of beginning that is a subject that many people
worry
for having the hard belly in the case of the girl for dieter the belly part
high of the arms percent the tail the worlds
good that problems arise
for you presented part of the solution professor verón compared work as
was from sergio
then I would like
pose some simple exercises and you can go to your house
that to throw from zintan 34 muscles and to smile is only 7
so start with a smile peace
the hour andes exercises with the uc teacher
for I am going to see what matters is to have some overload if it were any
load with a lower load sign a kilo
i this but in the case of a person who just started tumbes ago - sources
something I forget restrained years ensures a can that heavy that allows us 50
cubic centimeters a little bit of life after a quarter kilo here there was a
botlita exactly are the elements that anyone has in the house tavis
knoyle talked about what he wanted to show that is that for example there is no
to do a lot of strength with the arms place the overload understand about the
shoulders yes no
there I have to do a little resistance, my column is more tense
safe way
nestor ick placing me a normal position miami in right
and what can be done is to make it dead that I do in everyday life
go down
to come down like a fire was to present keep a few seconds
and go back up andrew s rodrigo medina who should be given that plane of which
7 goes with the providence of the headquarters of the detachment come together
ciro as they have parallel legs that like me can not sit on a chair
and with a profile just for this camera and so the classic and sictpla and cta
true toshack factory and if it loses like I can not sit on the chair
I go back to the queue
my column is doing a lot of force because it's closing up keeping
right
may be a hundred of my shoulders from tarn contracted I am reading books up
and the land is also doing a lot of strength and today we are strengthening
we quote roda saying
although this one although it does not seem because it does not seem too much effort
we are winning
the legs the thighs
that far ahead the vehicles that go through the knee because the master of
Keys of life a little the glutes
everything has gone so well but also the safety of the people but as I know that
there they work or not
no no this is also for the glutes and back mendez offered
cepibo own benefits that are exercises
movements of everyday life such as sitting and standing
in the camera a shisha yes yes a lot of muscle group is involved
with a lot of posture control
and is doing strength as if they were some work and doctors are
not the column is not moving outside the government the hip and the provinces
I do not work in bending you lie this move be
yes it goes hugs up because sometimes the ad in the frequency
cardiac shooting but above all more than 50 years as a coach pressed
up balls
to start the ideal thing the ideal is to do
practicing first practice can be simple that ease of movement for
do what
correctly lula decided makes the time is correct subo do two
goals 5 repetitions of this yes very slow very according to another side to jose
and then relax winner and a recommendation there was always sigea
person designing a chair after highlighting exactly
over here too
work to work balance yes
attracted coordination we started to fly towards the body is totally
opposite all the muscles and there's a hybrid job to follow towards
front water to the side 3 is very important is very simple
it's a good moment he does it all his life
but you have to concentrate on thinking about the column think about the shoulders
think about the arms brings you the pieces of the plane said the teacher following the
shoulder and one thing that
always ask people is the subject d what is hanging here the hug that
the woman of the advent
of washing clothes and skin spain and the one of cantabria is
the woman stopped doing strength
modernity had been fertilized with everything said and didactic where
painful memory local cesep of realities
when the exercise
1 super super practical than a loquacious anywhere
quesada race
of the table
cela prayed
for another also from the side
p forward
and go back up
at rates and how that exactly
precious coast of going down the corne nanopower the trunk derek of said
agreement I have a true mix
but it will lower itself
cited very tired
immediately his clear voice and ask delegate for strength that I have
I make myself
I can get closer or farther as it suits you
madrid 19 Apr by another that make a lot of strength
and other
all that is
in him the trunk yes the race and the legs are going to lower in block on
Only bend the eyes
and I'm going to go down country
well and going up is a lot of force makes you stand out after what you can
do for example of shoe some
efe there will be also seems to leave for the tri was spent drafting the
take 26 on the grass I must do
he has also posed
if you are going to have a secure lift yes
river
stretched back
and under expect term like a pendulum if it does to you so that this does not move
not for the part where the fandango does not move
the forearm well
mulet moves from the back
this cosaro by jordan start if overload to accord movement
his example that look at this is a pendulum
p good sergio per hundred next week would like to wicker end of
week between percent pairs some exercise
utoya shooting for posture
parabolic tell people over the years and be a long time
sitting down is like they leave the fringe leaving them bless them and people believe
that this right there will not be two days soon
it's due time we prepare that for the next about him uberti me
I arrived in two days the way
d in tecer with singles of that bonus
it took three or four reps is a bit no
the issue is to start
they started to move us
percent in weekend that world ponce
health of some work that those who document of week
this is the moment that has
you have time to say good five minutes I'm going to start amp amorím
body and once it starts already after taking gustito and it's something very
attractive live is working your body
i from very old athenaeum where the form
it is a reminder to more for the weekend in alcalá first we want it
be the last one to get mad 34 muscles are decided and for their laughter the
citizens